okay go come and join us sir percival
nil remind us of anger score & gell came
in at 6.86 second six point eight six
and then ronaldo's six point three five
so what's the difference they're almost
half a second there and it almost
opposite very super exactly what we have
expecting from output will look erect
yeah yeah well we hope in there you can
see very big difference between the
straight-line sprinting we've got very
long strides nice high center of gravity
Cristiano comes into his own here we
lower the center of gravity we enable
ourselves to push off and accelerate
side words that center of gravity nice
and low there needs a bent the hips are
bent and the muscles are hopefully
working at their optimum level because
this is my my style you know I I use
this a lot you know in the bridge so I
guess that I'm more chances in this type
of run that straight line shadow that I
improved it when we look at the zigzag
movement we can see a way that Cristiano
anticipates the change of direction
coming into play as Cristiano approaches
we see a lot of shorter steps this is in
stark contrast to what we see from angle
to change direction he does something
that probably most people wouldn't they
would almost drop down to the ground to
change movement Chris down and Ronaldo
almost balls up right go Paula look he
jumps into it with two feet this time
here we go yeah there we go there yeah
we could see I'm Gayle using one foot
there to brick in one stop in one
particular stride and to try and push
off in a very next cristianos decelerate
using both feet yeah places his center
of gravity inside the line of his foot
and all the way god it's almost like he
uses one foot primarily for taking a
break in force as we see that inside the
air there then the outside floor is more
for the acceleration loss and Cristiano
place is approximately five body weights
worth of force through the outside foot
towards the next turn so in what we're
seeing now is is multi-talented that
that's a given anyway with Cristiano
Ronaldo but the way body works and
weights built on all the different
components that he uses when sprinting
affords him the ability to maybe perform
in terms of an athletic sprint at the
BRIT high very very highest level yeah
he's up there we've seen his speed is up
there we've seen the movement and the
agility is up there he can change
direction quickly it can accelerate
decelerate whilst he's still
concentrating on the game renault there
wound by quite a margin his time over
the zigzag sprint was six point three
five seconds